Updates to PhysX Collider, PhysX Shape Collider, and PhysX Rigid Body… (#1359)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/components/reference/physx/shape-collider.md

* Only one Shape component can be used per entity, and so only one PhysX Shape Collider component is supported per entity. Any number of PhysX Collider components can also be used on the same entity, however.
* The position and rotation of the PhysX Shape Collider component can't be offset relative to the entity position.

## Properties 

![PhysX Shape Collider component interface](/images/user-guide/components/reference/physx/physx-shape-collider-ui-01.png)

| Property | Description | Value | Default |
| - | - | - | - |
| **Collision Layer** | Assigns the collider to a collision layer. Collision layers can be used to restrict physical interactions between PhysX objects. | Any collision layer defined the project [Collision Layers](/docs/user-guide/interactivity/physics/nvidia-physx/configuring/configuration-collision-layers/).  | `Default` |
| **Collides With** | Assigns the collider to a collision group. Collision groups contain the collision layers that this collider can collide with. | Any collision group defined the project [Collision Groups](/docs/user-guide/interactivity/physics/nvidia-physx/configuring/configuration-collision-groups/). | `All` |

> | **Trigger** | If enabled, this collider functions as a trigger. A trigger performs a quick overlap test and does not apply forces or return contact point information. Use this to speed-up PhysX computations where a simple overlap test between colliders is sufficient. Triangle meshes are not supported as triggers. | Boolean | `Disabled` |

Reviewer: A lot of my suggestions regarding properties in the `content/docs/user-guide/components/reference/physx/collider.md` page are also applicable to this page. You can refer back to them if you want to apply those suggestions here as well.

Author: Added.

| **Simulated** | If enabled, this collider is included in the physics simulation. | Boolean | `Enabled` |
| **In Scene Queries** | If enabled, this collider can be queried for raycasts, shapecasts, and overlap. | Boolean | `Enabled` |
| **Library (Physics Materials)** | The physics material library of the project. | A `.physmaterial` library product asset. | The global project `.physmaterial` library. |
| **Slots (Physics Materials)** | Choose a physics material for each material of this collider. Physics materials define physical properties for the surface such as dynamic and static friction, and density. A collider can have multiple physics materials assigned. | Physics material(s) from the assigned `.physmaterial` library | `<Default Physics Material>` |

> | **Tag** | Sets a tag for this collider. Tags can be used to quickly identify components in script or code. | String |  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Tag** | Sets a tag for this collider. Tags can be used to quickly identify components in script or code. | String | None |
```

> | **Rest offset** | Sets the minimum distance between this collider and other colliders when this collider is at rest. PhysX bodies come to rest separated by the sum of their **Rest offset** values. The **Rest offset** value must be less than the **Contact offset** value. | Float: -Infinity to 50 | `0.0` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Rest offset** | Sets the minimum distance between this collider and other colliders when this collider is at rest. PhysX bodies come to rest separated by the sum of their **Rest offset** values. The **Rest offset** value must be less than the **Contact offset** value. | Float: -Infinity to 50.0 | `0.0` |
```

> | **Contact offset** | Sets the distance from the collider where collisions are detected. PhysX bodies generate contacts when they are within the sum of their **Contact offset** values. The **Contact offset** value must be greater than the **Rest offset** value. | Float: 0 to 50 | `0.02` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Contact offset** | Sets the distance from the collider where collisions are detected. PhysX bodies generate contacts when they are within the sum of their **Contact offset** values. The **Contact offset** value must be greater than the **Rest offset** value. | Float: 0 to 50.0 | `0.02` |
```

> | **Draw Collider** | Render the collider in the viewport. | Boolean | `On` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Draw Collider** | Render the collider in the viewport. | Boolean | `Enabled` |
```

## Complex polygon prism shapes 

> The [Polygon Prism Shape](/docs/user-guide/components/reference/shape/polygon-prism-shape/) is automatically subdivided into convex portions, which means that polygon prisms can be used with dynamic rigid bodies or as triggers in PhysX. The subdivision is automatically updated if the vertices of the polygon prism are modified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Polygon Prism Shape](/docs/user-guide/components/reference/shape/polygon-prism-shape/) is automatically subdivided into convex portions, which means that polygon prisms can be used with dynamic rigid bodies or as triggers in PhysX simulations. The subdivision is automatically updated if the vertices of the polygon prism are modified.
```

![A complex polygon prism can't be converted to convex geometry.](/images/user-guide/components/reference/physx/physx-shape-collider-polyprism.png)

> If the vertices are modified so that the polygon prism is no longer a simple polygon, it isn't possible to subdivide the polygon prism into convex pieces. In the example image above, the polygon prism is self-intersecting. If the polygon prism can't be subdivided into convex pieces, an error will display in the Editor Console, as shown in the following example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the vertices are modified so that the polygon prism is no longer a simple polygon, it isn't possible to subdivide the polygon prism into convex pieces. In the example image above, the polygon prism is self-intersecting. If the polygon prism can't be subdivided into convex pieces, an error will display in the **O3DE Editor Console**, as shown in the following example.
```

![A complex polygon prism console error.](/images/user-guide/components/reference/physx/physx-shape-collider-error.png)

## Colliders as triggers 

> Triggers allow colliders to perform efficient overlap tests. Colliders marked as triggers won't have forces applied when they intersect with another collider. This is useful for detecting when something enters a certain area or when two objects overlap. Use Lua or **Script Canvas** to detect overlap.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Triggers allow colliders to perform efficient overlap tests. Colliders marked as triggers won't be affected by forces when they intersect with another collider. This is useful for detecting when something enters a certain area or when two objects overlap. Use Lua or **Script Canvas** to detect overlap.
```
Duplicating the edit from above.

| Property | Description | Value | Default |
| - | - | - | - |
| **Collision Layer** | Assigns the collider to a collision layer. Collision layers can be used to restrict physical interactions between PhysX objects. | Any collision layer defined in the project's [Collision Layers](/docs/user-guide/interactivity/physics/nvidia-physx/configuring/configuration-collision-layers/).  | `Default` |
| **Collides With** | Assigns the collider to a collision group. Collision groups contain the collision layers that this collider can collide with. | Any collision group defined in the project's [Collision Groups](/docs/user-guide/interactivity/physics/nvidia-physx/configuring/configuration-collision-groups/). | `All` |

> | **Trigger** | If enabled, this collider functions as a trigger. A trigger performs a quick overlap test and does not apply forces or return contact point information. Use this to speed-up PhysX computations where a simple overlap test between colliders is sufficient. Triangle meshes are not supported as triggers. | Boolean | `Disabled` |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Trigger** | If enabled, this collider functions as a trigger. Triggers perform quick overlap tests with other colliders. Triggers don't apply forces or return contact point information. Use this to speed up PhysX computations in which a simple overlap test between colliders is sufficient. Triangle meshes are not supported as triggers. | Boolean | `Disabled` |
```
